# Contributing

Contributions to `civitas`, whether in the form of bug fixes, issue
reports, new code or documentation improvement, are encouraged and
welcome. We welcome novices who may have never contributed to a package
before as well as friendly veterans looking to help us improve the
package for users.

Please use the GitHub issues. For any pull request, please link to or
open a corresponding issue in GitHub issues. Please ensure that you have
notifications turned on and respond to questions, comments or needed
changes promptly.

##  Tests

`civitas` uses `testthat` for testing. Please try to provide 100% test
coverage for any submitted code and always check that existing tests
continue to pass. If you are a beginner and need help with writing a
test, mention this in the issue and we will try to help.

It's also helpful to run `goodpractice::gp()` to ensure that lines of
code are not over 80 columns and that all lines of code have tests
written. Please do so prior to submitting any pull request and fix any
suggestions from there.  Reach out to us if you need any assistance
there too.

## Pull requests

Pull requests should be against the `develop` branch NOT the `master`
branch.  You can set this when creating your pull request. Please make a
separately named branch to submit.  Keep each branch for a complete
specific issue.

## Code style

Please use snake case (such as `rep_sample_n`) for function names.
Besides that, in general follow the [tidyverse
style](http://style.tidyverse.org/) style for R. 

## Code of Conduct

When contributing to the `infer` package you must follow the code of 
conduct defined in [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Acknowledgments

This document is adapated from the contributor documentation for the
[infer](https://github.com/andrewpbray/infer) package.
